Chapter 2
========

This chapter introduce what is perfect secrecy and demonstrate an perfectly-secret encryption scheme.

Perfectly-secret encryption schemes are provably secure even against an adversary who has *unbounded computational power*. The *one-time pad* patended by Vernam in 1917 obtains this perfect secrecy. However, all perfectly-secret encryption schemes have the inherent limitation that the key must be at least as long as the message. In prartice, therefore perfectly-secret encryption is rarely used.

###Definition of perfectly-secret encryption

The actual definition:

> An encryption scheme($$Gen$$, $$Enc$$, $$Dec$$) over a message space $$M$$ is perfectly sccret if for every probability distribution over $$M$$, every message $$m \in M$$, and every ciphertext $$c \in C$$ for which $$Pr[C=c]\gt 0$$:
>
>$$Pr[M=m | C=c]=Pr[M=m]$$.
> 

This definition means that a scheme if perfectly secret if the distributions over messages and ciphertexts are *independent*. It also implies that distinguishing an encryption of $$m_0$$ from an encryption of $$m_1$$ is impossible. We can, therefore, say that perfectly-secret encryption has *perfect indistinguishability*.

Another perfect-secrecy definition is based on an *experiment* involving an adversary $$A$$.

The adversarial indistingushability experiment $$PrivK_{A, \Pi}^{eav}$$:

> 1. The adversary $$A$$ outputs a pair of messages $$m_0, m_1 \in M$$.
> 2. A random key $$k$$ is generated by running $$Gen$$, and a random bit $$b \leftarrow \{0, 1\}$$ is chosen. Then, the ciphertext $$c \leftarrow Enc_k(m_b)$$ is computed and given to $$A$$.
> 3. $$A$$ outputs a bit $$b'$$.
> 4. The output of the experiment is defined to be $$1$$ if $$b'=b$$, and $$0$$ otherwise. We write $$PrivK_{A, \Pi}^{eav}=1$$ if the output is $$1$$ and in this case we say $$A$$ *succeeded*.

The alternative definition of perfect secrecy:
 > An encryption scheme $$(Gen, Enc, Dec)$$ over a message space $$M$$ is *perfectly secret* if for every adversary $$A$$ it holds that
 > 
 > $$ Pr[PrivK_{A, \Pi}^{eav}=1]=\frac{1}{2}$$.
>

###The one-time pad

The one-time pad encryption scheme is defined as followed:

> 1. Fix an integer $$l \gt 0$$. Then the message space $$M$$, key space $$K$$, and ciphertext space $$C$$ are all equal to $$\{0, 1\}^l$$.
> 2. The key-generation algorithm $$Gen$$ works by choosing a string from $$K=\{0, 1\}^l$$ according to the uniform distribution.
> 3. Encryption $$Enc$$ works as follows: given a key $$k \in \{0, 1\}^l$$ and a message $$m \in \{0, 1\}^l$$, output $$c := k \oplus m$$.
> 4. Decryption $$Dec$$ works as follows: given a key $$k \in \{0, 1\}^l$$ and a ciphertext $$c \in \{0, 1\}^l$$, output $$m := k \oplus c$$.

Theorem:

> The one-time pad is perfectly-secret encryption scheme.

Limitations of one-time pad:

1. The key is required to be as long as the message.
2. The scheme is only "secure" is used once(with the same key).
3.  The scheme is only secure against a ciphertext-only attack.

###Limitations of perfect secrecy

Theorem:

> Let $$(Gen, Enc, Dec)$$ be a perfectly-secret encryption scheme over a message space $$M$$, and let $$K$$ be the key space as determined by $$Gen$$. Then $$|K| \ge |M|$$.

###Shannon's Theorem 

As stated above, for a prefectly-secret encryption scheme, $$|K| \gt |M|$$ is satisfied. It is easy to see that $$|C| \gt |M|$$ as well. Therefore, the case of $$|K| = |C| = |M|$$ is the most efficient.

Shannon provided a characterization of perfectly-secret encryption schemes for the case $$|K| = |C| = |M|$$.

Theorem:

> Let $$(Gen, Enc, Dec)$$ be a perfectly-secret encryption scheme over a message space $$M$$ for which $$|K| = |C| = |M|$$. This scheme is *perfectly secret* if and only if:
> 
> 1. Every key $$k \in K$$ is chosen with equal probability $$1/|K|$$ by algorithm $$Gen$$.
> 2. For every $$m \in M$$ and every $$c \in C$$, there exists a single key $$k \in K$$ such that $$Enc_k(m)$$ outputs $$c$$.

Shannon's theorem is useful for proving whether a given scheme is or is not perfectly secret since condition 1 is easy to confirm and condition 2 can be demonstrated without analyzing any probabilities.

###Summary

The definition of prefectly-secret encryption scheme especially the  adversarial indistingushability experiment is really helpful for computationally-secure encryption scheme.

Chapter 3
========

1. Two relaxations of the notion of perfect security:
* Security is only preserved against **efficient** adversaries, and
* Adversaries can potentially succeed with some **very small probability**.

2. Quantifying the security of a cryptographic scheme:
* The concrete approach
> Let $$t$$, $$\epsilon$$ be positive constants with $$\epsilon \leq 1$$.
> A scheme is $$(t,\epsilon)-secure$$ if every adversary running for time at most $$t$$ succeeds in breaking the scheme with probability at most $$\epsilon$$.

* **The asymptotic approach**
Security parameter: a unary $$1^{n}$$
Efficient algorithm: (probabilistic) algorithms running in time *polynomial* in $$n$$
>A function f is  is **negligible** if for every polynomial $$p(\cdot)$$ there exists an $$N$$ such that for all integers $$n \gt N$$ it holds that $$f(n) \lt \frac{1}{p(n)}$$.
>
 > A scheme is **secure** if every **PPT**(probabilistic, polynomial-time) adversary succeeds in breaking the scheme with only **negligible** probability.

**The adversarial indistinguishablility experiment $$PrivK^{eav}_{A, \Pi}(n)$$**:

> 1. The adversary $$A$$ is given input $$1^n$$, and outputs a pair of massages $$m_0$$, $$m_1$$ of the same length.
2. A random key k is generated by running $$Gen(1^n)$$, and a random bit $$b \leftarrow {0, 1}$$ is chosen. The ciphertext $$c \leftarrow Enc_{k}(m_b)$$ is computed and given to $$A$$.
3. $$A$$ outputs a bit $$b'$$.
4. The output of the experiment is defined to be 1 if $$b' = b$$, and 0 otherwise. If $$PrivK^{eav}_{A, \Pi}(n) = 1$$, we say that $$A$$ succeeded.

**The definition of indistinguishablility:**

> A private-key encryption scheme $$\Pi = (Gen, Enc, Dec)$$ has indistinguishable encryptions in the presence of an eavesdropper  if for all probabilistic polynomial-time adversaries $$A$$ there exists a negligible function $$negl$$ such that
>
$$Pr[PrivK^{eav}_{A, \Pi}(n) = 1] \leq \frac{1}{2} + negl(n)$$
>
>where the probability is taken over random coins used by $$A$$, as well as the random coins used in the experiment(for choosing the key, the random bit $$b$$, and any randoms coins used in the encryption process).

**THEOREM**
> A private-key encryption scheme has indistinguishable encryption in the presence of an eavesdropper if and only if it is a semantically secure in the presence of an eavesdropper.











































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































